Add DBaaS Pukki documentation (#1609)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/cloud/dbaas/advanced.md

!!! error "Closed Beta"
    Pukki DBaaS is in closed beta. This means that services is probably not suitable for most users
    and there might be breaking changes. If you are still interested in using the service you can

>     contact [service-desk](mailto:servicedesk@csc.fi) to see if the service would be suitable for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [contact us](../../support/contact.md) to see if the service would be suitable for you.
```
